---
layout: post
title: 'Pre-Semester 1: Enrolled'
date: 2023-06-12
semester: Pre-Semester
---


## Introduction
Exciting news! My FAFSA application is complete, and I've been approved for the GI Bill. These accomplishments provide me with a sense of financial stability as I embark on this academic journey.

In addition to attending school, I'm keeping myself quite busy with my part-time role as a coding bootcamp instructor, where I am privileged to share my knowledge and passion for coding with eager learners. To supplement my income, I've taken up an intriguing new endeavor - training to be a school bus driver. The diversity in my roles is invigorating and keeps me on my toes!
## Change of plans

Life has a funny way of throwing curveballs at us, and in my case, it's come in the form of my National Guard annual training. Due to scheduling conflicts, I won't be able to attend the in-person ENG 116 class, 'Discover the Writer in You', this quarter as I had initially planned. Although this means I won't receive the full BAH from the GI Bill, I am nonetheless committed to making the most of my academic experience. After all, adaptability is key in our ever-changing world!

## Enrolled Courses

Having finalized my enrollment, let me share my chosen courses for this semester:
### WRK 100 - Preparing for the Future of Work

I am looking forward to this course as I believe it will equip me with invaluable tools to navigate the fast-paced and dynamic nature of today's workplace. I anticipate it will provide practical insights to enhance my career readiness.
### PSY 101 - Smarter Decisions through Psychology

Intriguing and practical, this course promises to offer valuable perspectives on how psychology influences decision-making. As an individual always striving to make informed and impactful choices, I can't wait to delve into the psychological mechanics behind this process.
### CIS 101 - Navigating a Digital World
As a coding bootcamp instructor, I'm comfortable with technology. However, this course is exciting because it will offer a holistic understanding of the digital world, which I believe is crucial in this era of digital transformation.
### Sophia Classes

#### COM 100 - Communication at Work
Communication skills are a cornerstone of professional success, and I am looking forward to refining mine further through this course. I'm eager to apply the skills learned in my workplace, ensuring that I communicate more effectively and meaningfully.
#### ENG 116 Workplace Writing I
Although I won't be able to attend this course in person, I am no less excited to take it online. This course will provide an excellent opportunity to enhance my writing skills, particularly in the professional context. Being a better writer means being a better communicator, and I'm ready to embark on this journey to articulate my thoughts more precisely.

As I navigate this new chapter, I remain enthusiastic and focused. I am eager to learn, grow, and ultimately, succeed in my academic endeavors. With the help of the GI Bill, my roles as a coding bootcamp instructor and a future school bus driver, I am well-positioned to make this journey an enriching and rewarding one. Stay tuned for more updates on my academic journey!


